The oop_final_project.zip contains a full running Java program that includes every function needed to satisfy the requirement of the proposal. This zip file also contains graphs and report requested by instruction. This Java program is a financial investment tracking system that allows user to input the details of their daily expenses, incomes and stock market performances manually by day, and keep track of the overall performance as days continues.

-------------------------------------

Here is a brief go over of all the files this zip file contains.

System Generated Files:
1. day.txt: this file keeps track of the date.
2. expenses.csv: this file gives the detailed list of transactions of all expenses and incomes you record.
3. stocks.csv: this file keeps track of all the stock transaction made.

Note: the files above are generated by the system, and will be automatically generated while closing the system, if you delete all three files above, the system will reset to default on Day0 and no record of transaction in both expenses and stocks. If not deleted, the next time you open the system, the system will load transaction details from the files.

lib folder: jar file used to plot the graph.

src folder: this is where all the codes are, by opening src folder, there is a package named tracker, opening up this package is a file named MainFrame.java, this is the main file for this system, running this file opens up the system. There are also 2 sub-folders in this package, model and ui. While the model file gives all the functions, the ui files are the designs of the frame windows.

iml file: IntelliJ IDEA generated file that kept configuration information, kept for simplicity.

graphs folder: this file contains all UML graphs requested by the instruction. This folder is not needed for running the system. By opening this folder, a list of graphs are included and had already renamed with their purpose.

report file: this is the overall report of the project. This file is not needed for running the system.

-------------------------------------

Here is a brief introduction for the system's functions. As you open the system, you should see the following information:
1. Current Day: this give the user an idea of what day it is. The function in default start with Day0. The tab "Expense" and "Stock" both reflects the records of transaction made under the current day.
2. Expense: this gives a track of both your incomes and expenses by day, if you have either an expense or income today, you can record it here. You can enter the title of your transaction, and the amount, you can choose the type of transaction being either Income or Expense. Your overall asset balance will be calculated by adding your incomes and deducting the expenses. You may add a transaction here as well as deleting a transaction record.
3. Stock: this allows you to track the investments you made in the stock market, you can record the stock code you brought or sold, along with the amount and the price of the transaction you made. You can either add a transaction or delete one.
4. Asset: This contains 2 graphs, giving you an overall idea of the investment distribution of your and your assets distribution.
5. Investment Record: Simulates the investment performance you made during a period of time by your own selection by calculating the profit you had earned from buying and selling a single stock. This is only a simulation. Profit is calculated when you had buy in and sell out a same stock, it can either be gain or lose.
6. Set Day: Allows user to select different days to record their transactions.
